## Usage
To run the styleguide, use `yarn styleguide`. The styleguide would be hosted on `localhost:6060`. 

This dev styleguide dev server supports hot reloading, so just save your components and refresh the styleguide page to see your changes.

## Adding documentation to components
Each component has 4 areas to be documented:

### 1 - Component Description  
A JSDoc is to be written before the declaration of the component. 
```js static
/**
 * Write the component's description here.
 */
function MyComponent(props) {
  /* ... */
}
```
[Styleguidist Documentation](https://react-styleguidist.js.org/docs/documenting.html#code-comments-and-proptypes)

### 2 - Component's Props Description  
Write each prop's description before the prop itself. This can be written for both components that use `flow-type` or `propTypes`. The type would automatically be fetched and generated by styleguidist.

```js static
// PropType Example
MyComponent.propTypes = {
  /**
   * Main text for MyComponent.
   */
  header: PropTypes.string,
  // ...
}
```

```js static
// FlowType Example
type Props = {|
  /**
   * Main text for MyComponent.
   */
  header: string,
  // ...
|}
```

### 3 - Component Examples
Create a new `.md` file in the same folder as the component itself. Everytime a code fence is written in markdown, it would generate a code playground in the code editor, and display the component above it.

Example filename: `MyComponent.md`
````md
```jsx
import MyComponent from '@b12/design-system/components/path/to/MyComponent.es6.js';

<>
  <MyComponent />
<>
```
```` 
Read up on more advanced usage such as react hooks in the playground [here](https://react-styleguidist.js.org/docs/documenting.html#writing-code-examples).

### 4 - Styleguide Config File  
Add a new entry to `components` under `sections.components` every time a new component example is being added.

## Folder Directory
This is the recommended way to organize components and examples in the folders.

```md
.
├── ...
├── MyComponent
│   ├── MyComponent.es6.js
│   ├── MyComponent.example.md
│   ├── MySubComponentThatIsUsedByMyComponent
│   │   ├── MySubComponent.es6.js
│   └────── MySubComponent.example.md
├── MyOtherComponentUsingMyComponent
│   ├── MyOtherComponent.es6.js
│   ├── MyOtherComponent.example.md
│   └── ...
```